# No-Stairs
No Stairs is a game about getting to the top of a hotel to find your younger brother in a zombie infested hotel.  You are the son/daughter (dependent on your choice) of a rich family.  Your parents decide to send you and your younger brother to an expensive private school in California.  Since they are wealthy, they have rented out the penthouse of Hotel Tropical for you and your younger brother.  One day, before you go to school, your brother gets sick and decides to stay home. As you are in school, immediate chaos begins as all TVs start playing the news.  The news indicates that a zombie outbreak has begun.  You decide to rush out the school, and go home to Hotel Tropical and find your brother.  When you come home, you soon find out that all the stairs are in a wreck, and the only way you can go up is through an elevator.  However, the elevator stops at every floor due to technical difficulties.  So, you must fight through hordes of zombies on each floor to find the electrical panel, and turn the elevator back on.  The core and theme of this game is that is a Survival RPG.  As you kill zombies, you gain experience points which cause you to eventually level up.  When you level up, you must assign these points to stats for your character.  These stats can be detrimental to your success of the game.  The stats need to be placed correctly based on your class to increase the power of your skills.  For example, if you are a shooter, you should place stat points in Vitality for health increase, and Precision for more damage.  You need to carefully choose what stat you need to get you through the game, or else you will die.  When you die, you lower yourself a few levels on the hotel, setting you back from finding your younger brother.  The life of your younger brother relies on you.
